<ui:composition template="../template.xhtml" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
                xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets"
                xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core" xmlns:t="http://tornadofaces.io/ui">
    <f:metadata>
        <f:viewAction action="#{docsController.loadTag('card')}" />
    </f:metadata>

    <ui:define name="breadcrumb">
        <t:li link="/docs">Components</t:li>
        <t:li active="true">Card</t:li>
    </ui:define>

    <ui:define name="content">
        <div class="box">
        <h1 class="subheader">Card</h1>
        <div>
        
        <p>#{docsController.tag.description}</p>
        
        <ui:include src="card.xhtml"/>

        </div></div>
        
        <t:tabView styleClass="documentation" contentsStyleClass="documentation-contents box">
            <t:tab title="card.xhtml">
<pre class="line-numbers"><code class="language-markup">
&lt;t:card title="Look ma, I'm a card with a kitten!" color="dark">
    &lt;f:facet name="top">
        &lt;img src="http://placekitten.com/g/300/150"/>
    &lt;/f:facet>
    The image is added in the top facet and this text is a child of the card element.
&lt;/t:card>

&lt;t:card>
    &lt;h3>Clean cut&lt;/h3>
    This card has no title and no top facet. That makes for a nice well.
&lt;/t:card>
    
&lt;t:card color="primary" title="Primary colors">
    This card has a title but no top facet and has the color attribute set to primary.
    Foundation for Apps markup and CSS is great!
&lt;/t:card></code></pre>
            </t:tab>
            <t:tab title="Documentation" styleClass="doctab">
                <ui:include src="../tag-documentation.xhtml"/>
                <h5>Usage</h5>

                <p>If you add the <code>title</code> attribute to the card, the title is displayed in a divider, dividing the content placed in the <code>top</code> facet from content added as a child to the card element. The child elements are added inside a <code>card-section</code> div, below the divider.</p>

                <p>You can create the card with any combination of title, top facet content and child content to create different looking cards.</p>

                <p>To fully understand the markup of the Card, please consult the <a href="http://foundation.zurb.com/apps/docs/#!/card">Foundation for Apps Documentation</a>.</p>
            </t:tab>
        </t:tabView>

    </ui:define>
</ui:composition>